Deliverable 0 - Interview plan

1) Team Introduction                   (2 of 2 marks)

   Ask for a volunteer. Don't volunteer anyone! if no one wants to talk
   after a minute or two, move on to the next question (no marks for this!)

   Ask volunteer 1 to introduce the team - that means actually telling you
   something interesting about the team, not just the name and team goals
   which is what most wrote on the deliverable. You can encourage them to
   give you information by asking a couple questions about the team.

   Call this volunteer #1.
   > Everyone is 4th year
   > Everyone seems to know each other (co-op jobs, courses)
   > Seems friendly
   > Professional experience - Android, Java, Python

2) Team agreement                      (2 of 2 marks)

   Ask for a volunteer (#2)

   Ask this volunteer about some interesting aspect from their team
   agreement (ideally, something that called your attention while
   reading the agreement). If something in the agreement was not fully
   fleshed-out, ask them to elaborate on it. An example is the
   conflict resolution procedure which is typically weak. Use this
   chance to get them to work it out - with your help.
   > They decided to go with a professional workflow for their repo - issues, pull requests, branches, etc.
   > Code reviews before merging into the master branch
   > Contingency planning they have to-face warnings, then escalation

3) Process                             (3 of 3 marks)

   Ask for a volunteer (#3)

   Ask this volunteer to describe the software development process
   they are going to follow in this project, and to tell you *why*
   they chose it and why it will work for their team.
   > Review the task and break/split it work into issues (using Zenhub)
   > Weekly meetings - faster turnaround and feedback closer to deadline
   > 1 person reviewing work after completion - more reviews for major tasks
   > After review, pulled into master


4) Tools                               (3 of 3 marks)

   Ask for a volunteer (or the remaining team member, if a team of 4) (#4)

   Ask this volunteer to describe the set of tool their team will be
   using and tell you *why* they chose each tool and what it will be
   used for.  The point being to make sure they actually thought about
   it, instead of just listing a bunch of things because they can. Ask
   how these particular tools will aid the chosen development process.
   > GitHub is a team repository - they use it because its very simple
   > ZenHub is project management, its an addon for GitHub that allows it to be easier than Jira/etc
   > Good answers for how to use each technology


5) Recent work                         (1 bonus of 1 mark)

   If you have 5 people in the team, ask the remaining one, else ask for a
   volunteer.

   Ask this person to tell you what the team has accomplished since
   the deliverable was due. We want to send a reminder that they
   should be working continuously and productively! We should expect
   they have put matplotlib in the repo, installed/configured it, and
   at least tried some very basic uses of it.

   If they did nothing... be sure to let them know that's not a very
   good way to work!
   > After d0 they got the installation of matplotlib done locally
   > Researching reverse engineering tool (visual paradigm)
   > Started getting ideas about how to assign work to team members (deliverables, design patterns, etc.)

Overview
--------
11/10 Marks (100%)
